docs/related.md, before:

# Related Projects and Documentation

The Helm community has produced many extra tools, plugins, and documentation about
Helm. We love to hear about these projects. If you have anything you'd like to
add to this list, please open an [issue](https://github.com/kubernetes/helm/issues)
or [pull request](https://github.com/kubernetes/helm/pulls).

## Article, Blogs, How-Tos, and Extra Documentation

- [Honestbee's Helm Chart Conventions](https://gist.github.com/so0k/f927a4b60003cedd101a0911757c605a)
- [Releasing backward-incompatible changes: Kubernetes, Jenkins, Prometheus Operator, Helm and Traefik](https://medium.com/@enxebre/releasing-backward-incompatible-changes-kubernetes-jenkins-plugin-prometheus-operator-helm-self-6263ca61a1b1#.e0c7elxhq)
- [CI/CD with Kubernetes, Helm & Wercker ](http://www.slideshare.net/Diacode/cicd-with-kubernetes-helm-wercker-madscalability)
- [The missing CI/CD Kubernetes component: Helm package manager](https://hackernoon.com/the-missing-ci-cd-kubernetes-component-helm-package-manager-1fe002aac680#.691sk2zhu)
- [CI/CD with Jenkins, Kubernetes, and Helm](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NVoln4HdZOY)
- [The Workflow "Umbrella" Helm Chart](https://deis.com/blog/2017/workflow-chart-assembly)

## Helm Plugins

- [helm-tiller](https://github.com/adamreese/helm-tiller) - Additional commands to work with Tiller
- [Technosophos's Helm Plugins](https://github.com/technosophos/helm-plugins) - Plugins for GitHub, Keybase, and GPG
- [helm-template](https://github.com/technosophos/helm-template) - Debug/render templates client-side
- [Helm Value Store](https://github.com/skuid/helm-value-store) - Plugin for working with Helm deployment values

## Additional Tools

Tools layered on top of Helm or Tiller.

- [Chartify](https://github.com/appscode/chartify) - Generate Helm charts from existing Kubernetes resources.
- [VIM-Kubernetes](https://github.com/andrewstuart/vim-kubernetes) - VIM plugin for Kubernetes and Helm
- [Landscaper](https://github.com/Eneco/landscaper/) - "Landscaper takes a set of Helm Chart references with values (a desired state), and realizes this in a Kubernetes cluster."
- [Rudder](https://github.com/AcalephStorage/rudder) - RESTful (JSON) proxy for Tiller's API
- [Helmfile](https://github.com/roboll/helmfile) - Helmfile is a declarative spec for deploying helm charts
- [Schelm](https://github.com/databus23/schelm) - Render a Helm manifest to a directory
- [Drone.io Helm Plugin](http://plugins.drone.io/ipedrazas/drone-helm/) - Run Helm inside of the Drone CI/CD system

## Helm Included

Platforms, distributions, and services that include Helm support.

- [Cabin](http://www.skippbox.com/cabin/) - Mobile App for Managing Kubernetes
- [Qstack](https://qstack.com)
- [Fabric8](https://fabric8.io) - Integrated development platform for Kubernetes

## Misc

Grab bag of useful things for Chart authors and Helm users

- [Await](https://github.com/saltside/await) - Docker image to "await" different conditions--especially useful for init containers. [More Info](http://blog.slashdeploy.com/2017/02/16/introducing-await/)

Commit message:

docs(related): add cog-helm to 'Additional Tools'
Closes #2018

docs/related.md, after:

# Related Projects and Documentation

The Helm community has produced many extra tools, plugins, and documentation about
Helm. We love to hear about these projects. If you have anything you'd like to
add to this list, please open an [issue](https://github.com/kubernetes/helm/issues)
or [pull request](https://github.com/kubernetes/helm/pulls).

## Article, Blogs, How-Tos, and Extra Documentation

- [Honestbee's Helm Chart Conventions](https://gist.github.com/so0k/f927a4b60003cedd101a0911757c605a)
- [Releasing backward-incompatible changes: Kubernetes, Jenkins, Prometheus Operator, Helm and Traefik](https://medium.com/@enxebre/releasing-backward-incompatible-changes-kubernetes-jenkins-plugin-prometheus-operator-helm-self-6263ca61a1b1#.e0c7elxhq)
- [CI/CD with Kubernetes, Helm & Wercker ](http://www.slideshare.net/Diacode/cicd-with-kubernetes-helm-wercker-madscalability)
- [The missing CI/CD Kubernetes component: Helm package manager](https://hackernoon.com/the-missing-ci-cd-kubernetes-component-helm-package-manager-1fe002aac680#.691sk2zhu)
- [CI/CD with Jenkins, Kubernetes, and Helm](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NVoln4HdZOY)
- [The Workflow "Umbrella" Helm Chart](https://deis.com/blog/2017/workflow-chart-assembly)

## Helm Plugins

- [helm-tiller](https://github.com/adamreese/helm-tiller) - Additional commands to work with Tiller
- [Technosophos's Helm Plugins](https://github.com/technosophos/helm-plugins) - Plugins for GitHub, Keybase, and GPG
- [helm-template](https://github.com/technosophos/helm-template) - Debug/render templates client-side
- [Helm Value Store](https://github.com/skuid/helm-value-store) - Plugin for working with Helm deployment values

## Additional Tools

Tools layered on top of Helm or Tiller.

- [Chartify](https://github.com/appscode/chartify) - Generate Helm charts from existing Kubernetes resources.
- [VIM-Kubernetes](https://github.com/andrewstuart/vim-kubernetes) - VIM plugin for Kubernetes and Helm
- [Landscaper](https://github.com/Eneco/landscaper/) - "Landscaper takes a set of Helm Chart references with values (a desired state), and realizes this in a Kubernetes cluster."
- [Rudder](https://github.com/AcalephStorage/rudder) - RESTful (JSON) proxy for Tiller's API
- [Helmfile](https://github.com/roboll/helmfile) - Helmfile is a declarative spec for deploying helm charts
- [Schelm](https://github.com/databus23/schelm) - Render a Helm manifest to a directory
- [Drone.io Helm Plugin](http://plugins.drone.io/ipedrazas/drone-helm/) - Run Helm inside of the Drone CI/CD system
- [Cog](https://github.com/ohaiwalt/cog-helm) - Helm chart to deploy Cog on Kubernetes

## Helm Included

Platforms, distributions, and services that include Helm support.

- [Cabin](http://www.skippbox.com/cabin/) - Mobile App for Managing Kubernetes
- [Qstack](https://qstack.com)
- [Fabric8](https://fabric8.io) - Integrated development platform for Kubernetes

## Misc

Grab bag of useful things for Chart authors and Helm users

- [Await](https://github.com/saltside/await) - Docker image to "await" different conditions--especially useful for init containers. [More Info](http://blog.slashdeploy.com/2017/02/16/introducing-await/)
